README.md, before:

# CSV Streaming Client

React frontend for real-time CSV import monitoring with customer CRUD operations.

## Tech Stack

- React 19 + TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS

## Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Create .env file
cp .env.example .env
```

Set `VITE_API_BASE_URL` in `.env` (default: `http://localhost:3000`)

## Run

```bash
# Development
npm run dev

# Build
npm run build
```
#### Screenshot
<img src="https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-client/blob/main/screenshots/csv-streaming-header.jpeg">
<br/>
<img src="https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-client/blob/main/screenshots/csv-streaming.jpeg">


## Features

- Real-time CSV import progress via SSE
- Customer table with pagination
- CRUD operations (Create, Edit, Delete)
- Success/Error notifications

## What has been completed and what is pending
- I have tried to cover all the requirements and also address the bonus points (I Will cover it later).
- Issue: Pagination not updated without refresh (I'll solve it later)

## Backend
- [csv-streaming-server](https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-server)

Commit message:

docs: update README
Updated issue description regarding pagination behavior during SSE.

README.md, after:

# CSV Streaming Client

React frontend for real-time CSV import monitoring with customer CRUD operations.

## Tech Stack

- React 19 + TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS

## Setup

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Create .env file
cp .env.example .env
```

Set `VITE_API_BASE_URL` in `.env` (default: `http://localhost:3000`)

## Run

```bash
# Development
npm run dev

# Build
npm run build
```
#### Screenshot
<img src="https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-client/blob/main/screenshots/csv-streaming-header.jpeg">
<br/>
<img src="https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-client/blob/main/screenshots/csv-streaming.jpeg">


## Features

- Real-time CSV import progress via SSE
- Customer table with pagination
- CRUD operations (Create, Edit, Delete)
- Success/Error notifications

## What has been completed and what is pending
- I have tried to cover all the requirements and also address the bonus points (I Will cover it later).
- Issue: Pagination count is incorrect during SSE, but displays the correct number after a page refresh. (Since submission time is over, I will fix it later.)

## Backend
- [csv-streaming-server](https://github.com/alaminstore/csv-streaming-server)
